# CellTowersAnalysis
Analyzed whether the myth "Staying near cell towers causes cancer" is True or False
The Datasets which I chose are related to technology and health. The first dataset which I chose gives information about the cell towers all over the United States of America . The second dataset gives information on how U.S. states are divided into groups based on the rates at which people died from cancer and the third dataset which I chose gives information about the population density for each state of USA. By combining these datasets we can find if there is any relation ship between the cell towers and cancer patients. I read somewhere on Internet that Some people have expressed concern that living, working, or going to school near a cell phone tower might increase the risk of cancer or other health problems. People believe that the RF waves released from the towers can cause cancer reference: https://www.cancer.org/cancer/cancer-causes/radiation-exposure/cellular-phone-towers.html . So I was excited to investigate and find whether this was correct or not. The source for cell towers dataset is : https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bocinsky/r_tutorials/master/data/cell_towers.csv from the cell tower locations from the US Federal Communications Commission. This dataset was suggested to me by my professor owing to my interest in Technology. This Dataset contains 101388 rows × 5 columns matching the requirements. The column names are Unique system identifier , Entity name, height of the structure(height of the tower), Latitude and Longitude. Each row represents data about each tower. This datasets size is 8.4 MB. The source for cancer death rates dataset is : https://query.data.world/s/ugzlvbjcy7pkzune6dnzhl57zsnz2u . I searched this dataset from Google dataset search tool by using the keywords cancer in USA. This Dataset contains 52 rows and 3 columns. The column names are State, Range and Rate. The size of this dataset is 1.26 KB. Each row in this dataset gives information about the death rate of people due to cancer in each state where the rates are the numbers out of 100,000 people who died from cancer. The source for population density dataset is: https://state.1keydata.com/state-population-density.php . I found this dataset from Google where I searched for USA population density. This Dataset has 50 rows and 5 columns. This data is available on a website so need to scrape it from there. Each row in this dataset gives data about population density of each state. This Dataset size is 1.86 KB . All these datasets are completely legal to access and accessing this data doesn't violate any terms and conditions of service. I searched if someone has previously performed any EDA on this data but didn't find any citations or any work related to this data. I searched in Google, Kaggle and git hub. When combined these dataset has more than 10 columns and more than 1000 rows. I chose these datasets as my interests lies in Technology and Health care. This combined data has different types of columns for example text, float, location coordinates etc.
